Judith Barsi lived a extremely tragic life. She was a child movie star in two of my favorite films, All Dogs Go To Heaven and The Land Before Time. "Yep yep yep!", she would always say in her role as Ducky. She was murdered by her father. Her mother could have done something to prevent it, but did not. "Never told a lie, might of told a lie but never lived one. Didn't have a life, didn't have a life but surely saved one." This is her story. 

Judith was born on June 6th, 1976 in LA. Her parents were named Jozsef and Maria. Ironically, she has the same parents names as Christ did. Her parents immigrated from Hungary and both experienced horrors in their childhoods. They had to flee the 1956 Soviet invasion.

Jozsef, before he married Maria was married once before and had two kids. They ended up divorcing because he would always get drunk and beat up his family. His wife escaped and he followed, wanting to reconcile.  He got drunk again and threw an iron skillet at her. She was fed up and had had enough, so he then moved to CA.

Here Jozsef meets Maria and they hit it off by sharing a common bond over a messy divorce. He flashes $100 bills and pays for drinks in front of her. Clearly he's insecure and trying to show off that he's not by flashing money. They become married in 1977 and Maria is pregnant.

Maria has a dream and "grooms" Judith to be a star.

She was told by her brother that she's wasting her time, "you don't know the odds. The odds are 10,000 to one."

In 1983 a lucky break is hit, Judith is recognized for her talent at age 5 at an ice skating rink by a crew shooting a TV commercial. She stars in various commercials like Donald Duck OJ, Cambells Tomato Soup, Mcdonalds, Jif & Rocky Road Cereal. 

In 1984 another big break: she stars in TV mini series about true story of a man convicted of murdering his wife and children. How self-prophetic. Prior to this success, the Barsis struggled financially, they were on welfare in a small apartment. Now, Judith is making $100,000 a year to support her family at the age of seven. Is this fair? Why does a child have to support her family in a parental role?

In the film There Were Times, Dear she speaks of knowing how to get home, "Sure I do, right by, you know!"

In Fathers Day she is seen spanking a doll harshly and throwing it in the garbage. 

In Punky Brewster, she says "I like Punky. I want to help her."

In response to the success, Jozsef drinks in response to "feeling pressured". He feels pressure to "provide" but finds himself incapable. He is arrested for DUI three times. He took his anger out on his family, physically assaulting them. 

A 3bed house is purchased using Judith's money in Canoga Park. The first thing Jozsef does is have a spiked fence installed around the house. He felt the need to turn his home into a prison and enslave his daughter to his will. 

The relationship between Judith & mother is described as extremely close. Mom is always by her side. It sounds to me she has serious boundary issues. 

In 1986, Jozsef is feeling insecure to the point that he threatens Judith and Maria with a gas can. He informs them that if they ever leave him, he will burn the house down with them in it. How self prophetic. 

More success comes Judith's way in the form of Don Bluth asking her to be in his animated films, The Land Before Time and All Dogs Go To Heaven. Around this time, neighbors become more conscious of the fact that Jozsef is not who he pretends to be, a devoted father, his act is slipping. He keeps to himself, doesn't socialize and rarely leaves the house except to go to work. 

Maria and Jozsef have violent arguments. On Judith's Eighth birthday, he doesn't bother to show up to the bowling alley. He decided to get drunk instead.

Around Christmas, Maria files a police report for assault+strangulation. Police inform her they can't charge him because there is "no evidence". Typical useless pig police. She decides not to press charges. The police are to blame here, they could have chosen to do something but they did not. "Too difficult to prosecute for lack of evidence" is not a valid excuse any longer, pig police pieces of shit. 

Judith's friends are terrified of Jozsef. One day Trixie comes over and Jozsef informs her, "Oh, that little ass? She went to a photo shoot."

He continues to be violent. He was upset about the attention his daughter was receiving when she had a little get together one day and waited for her to be alone. He followed her into the kitchen, grabbed her by the pony tail and slammed her to the floor. He bought her a pink TV set to try and make up for it the next day. 

Feb 1987 Judith wins supporting role in a big Hollywood film. She and her mother have to fly to the Bahamas and Jozsef learns of this and of course he has one of his "reactions". Judith was packing when he approached and he decided to hold a knife against her throat. 

He informs her, "If you and your mother don't come back after the shooting, I'm gonna cut your throat."

Judith and Maria enjoy the beach and she admits to the others there that she is afraid to go home.

"She kept trying to communicate how threatened she felt almost to the point nobody takes her seriously", according to an eye witness.

Whoever these people were, I really hate them for ignoring the real danger and choosing to sooth their own emotional states instead of acting to do something against the REAL DANGER. 

Judith stays silent about the abuse. What else can she do? She is an innocent child. She decides to make a scrapbook about the filming adventures. 

After production, Judith and Maria fly to NY to vi sit Maria's brother. Jozsef calls & asks to speak with Judith.

He informs her, "Remember what I told you." (Knife)

Maria decides to cut the trip short and respond to Jozsefs blackmail. Maria keeps making this mistake, instead of taking a stand against the blackmail she goes along with it every time. How infuriating. 

In 1987 Judith starts the 4th grade, well liked in her class. The teacher is oblivious to the abuse going on at home, Judith hides it well. All children have this ability. 

Jozsef starts seeing another woman and Maria decides divorce and lawyer. 

Neighbors express concern over Maria's hesitation to get out of the house. One neighbor offers home as a safe haven, which Maria declines. Wow Maria, way to be a failure of a mother. 

Judith is now showing physical signs of distress. To try and cope she plucks out her own eyebrows and cat's whiskers. She is taken to a child psychiatrist who decides to inform the authorities of the child abuse going on she found out by speaking with Judith. CPS "launches an investigation" into the Barsi home. The social worker assigned has 67 total current cases which is 27 more over a full case load. Who let this happen? Why does CPS have no resources to tackle the epidemic of child abuse? Is it because mothering is not considered "serious business" and therefore unworthy of monetary financial investment from the masters of the universe stock bros? 

On May 18, 1988 Judith watches herself on TV one last time.

In St. Elsewhere, when asked what her three wishes are, she responds: "
1. Daddy to shop shouting at mommy
2. Mommy & I could have dinner together every night
3. We could all live together"

Maria has the brilliant genius strategy to stop cleaning the house in the hopes that Jozsef will leave on his own accord. He will not leave unless you command him, my dear. 

Judith's half center was over and was asked about the pig sty and why they don't clean it up today, "It will drive my father crazy." Unfortunate how she is poisoned by her mothers very silly idea. 

Judith tells her friends, "I'm afraid to go home. My daddy is miserable and I know he wants to kill my mom." How can one make themselves any clearer than this? 

Maria tells a friend she doesn't want to go into hiding. It will mean giving up Judith's "career" (which, a child supporting an adult, talk about twisted) and everything they worked hard for. Is money more important than the needs of your own daughter, bitch? 

June 6th, 1988 Judith is 10. Maria informs the over burdened social worker what she wants to here, she started divorce, "situation under control", me and Judith are moving out. The worker eagerly closes the case, as she does not want to think about what could possibly go wrong. 

Judith is seen singing the itsy bitsy spider, "The itsy bitsy spider crawls up the water spout. Down came the rain and washed the spider out. Out comes the sun and dries up all the rain. The itsy bitsy spider crawled up the spout again."

Jozsef follows Maria to an apartment she got for her and Judith. When confronted, she tells a lie that she's helping a friend move. A few days later, she tells a friend how scared she feels of Jozsef. She changed her mind about the divorce and moving after being caught.

Tells her friend, "We worked so hard for this house; if anyone is going to leave, it's going to be Jozsef." There she goes again, putting her material comforts before the welfare of her own child because she's scared of what the consequences will be if she decides to set a boundary with Jozsef.

Jozsef tells a friend he's going to kill Maria.

His friend asks in reply, "Then what will happen to your little one?"
To which he responds, "Well, I gotta kill her too."

On another occasion he remarks about his wife, "I'm going to kill that whore."

July 25, 1988 Judith rides a bike around her neighborhood. She misses an appointment with Hanna-Barbera studios earlier and it's suspected it's because her parents were fighting. She probably rode her bike in response to this. Making the best of the worst situation, our Judith is so brave. 

The useless police who are always too late suspect Jozsef found out about divorce and planned out final revenge. He waits for Judith and Maria to fall asleep and gets a 32 caliber pistol. He shoots Judith in the head in her room and shoots Maria in the head after a brief struggle in the hallway. Two days go by and Jozsef wanders around the house, alone with his thoughts. 

Judith's agent calls to ask about their whereabouts and Jozsef replies, "A black car took them away. I'm only here to say goodbye." How ironic the words, "I'm only here to say goodbye", when in the film All Dogs Go To Heaven, Judith's character is approached by a father figure twice who says the words "I came to say goodbye." 

Jozsef has enough and finally decides to his his misery. He sets fire to the house to try and cover up for his crime and shoots himself in the head. The burned decomposed bodies are found.

The fact we let this happened on our species watch proves to me we're a failure of a species who deserves extinction, until we can learn to take care of children better. I hope we can change and avoid extinction.

Judith and Maria were initially buried in unmarked graves. I wonder why? Nobody wanted to know or remember anything about this, cowards. Later people finally did the decent thing and gave them their names back and they are laid to rest at Forrest Lawn Memorial in Hollywood hills. In my opinion, I would not bury her next to her mother. Her mother is a complete failure and dependent who had the power to preserve her daughters life and she chose not to. She chose the comfortable life style she was used to instead of standing up to Jozsef and setting a firm boundary. I really hate her and I really hate Jozsef. 

CPS determined the case was closed prematurely. You fucking think? 

I am infuriated. She lived in the worst hell I can ever imagine and still showed so much love to the people who enjoy her movies. Who are you, Judith?
